	The paper I read presented a variety of information regarding the emergence, evolution and end of the original Mirai botnet, a special type of malware that infected and spread amongst IoT devices (such as printers, routers, cameras, etc.) over the span of a few months. The emergence of this malware was probably some time as early as August 31, 2016 but became a huge deal in late September 2016, where the source code was uploaded to hackforums.net and adopted by several hackers that made more virulant strains. At this point attacks had already been conducted on several high-profile targets (Krebs on Security and OVH), and more attacks continued on high-profile targets either through the original Mirai botnet (which was still receiving more malicious updates from the original actors) or strains that were created for more specific reasons. Once the actors behind the original Mirai botnet were arrested in early 2017, it died down and only more virulent strains using the original source code still exist. The main reason this paper was written is to document the warpath of this botnet and also stress the importance of enforcing more security standards in IoT products worldwide to stop future botnets from arising from the ashes.
	One of the main strengths of this paper is the amount of graphs and tables that they provide to help illustrate the data they collected - each helps provide a deeper understanding as to how the botnet operated and how much power it had. One weakness I noted was the lack of information provided about the new strains that erupted after the source code was published; this would have been helpful to help paint the picture of why this botnet was so dangerous. If I wrote the paper I would have delved further into the topic of booter-for-hire services and provided more information on some of the examples that were provided. The concepts of this paper could be extended further if other IoT botnets were also discussed and compared against this one in more detail; I believe it would provide a better idea as to how massive this botnet was when compared to other IoT botnets.