	The problem this paper tries to solve is whether or not email tracking is preventable within many mail clients/servers. The authors evaluate many defenses employed to protect against email tracking and also propose a new type of defense; this new defense would strip tracking tags from emails entirely based on already existing web tracking protection lists. The authors argue that email tracking can result in a users browsing history to be tied to their email address so that identities can be formed by spammers and advertisers. They proceed to show how common it is by creating a program that accepts mailing list subscriptions and clicks links sent within emails from those mailing lists. The program observed that a majority of email addresses / domains are sent in requests to these mailing list servers (usually in the URL) with minimal hashing or encoding (and a suprising large number are also sent in plaintext). This shows that not only are users emails getting leaked to others through these requests but that they are also being used to create online identities corresponding to these users so that they can better be profiled.
	One major strength is that the authors proposed a new defense to deal with this problem by analyzing what was currently in use; this defense will help filter a majority of these requests while not introducing any breaking changes that could potentially ruin how the mail clients work for end users. One weakness of the paper is that they included a number of major mail client providers but left out some of the others that are used by smaller communities of people (ex: Juno, Openmailbox, etc.); it would be very helpful to know how things are being handled on those clients and whether or not the proposed defense could work on them as well. If I had written the paper I would have tried to also devise a method for the mail clients to filter these requests so that the proposed defense wasn't strictly limited to server-side deployment. The concepts within this paper could have been extended by testing the strength of some lesser known mail clients that might not have the best security (such as the ones that were mentioned above), then determining whether or not the proposed defense would help improve security for them.